Feature/secret (#3)
figment-networks/datahub-learn: network-documentation/secret/tutorials/2.-setting-up-your-wallet.md

Never share your mnemonic with anyone. Never commit it to a repo. **Remember! You can share your account address, but never your mnemonic.**
{% endhint %}

In order to make sure our code doesn't leak sensitive data, we can use our `.env` file where we can store both our account address and our mnemonic. Open up `.env` and add to it below the following lines:

```javascript
...
ADDRESS='<YOUR ADDRESS>'
MNEMONIC='<YOUR MNEMONIC>'
```

Great! Now both `ADDRESS` and `MNEMONIC` will be available for use in our Nodejs scripts.

## **Getting testnet tokens**

Congratulations! You’ve just created your Secret Network account.
Notice in the logs that your account is still `undefined`, that's because locally we generated a wallet but it has no funds on the network, so it does not exist yet.

Now, go to the [faucet](https://faucet.secrettestnet.io/) to get some testnet tokens.

Then you can go to this URL [https://explorer.secrettestnet.io/](https://explorer.secrettestnet.io/) to check your address with the search bar. Once you enter your address, you should see something similar to:  
![](../../../.gitbook/assets/secret_account.png)

Great work. You’ve earned it!

## **Conclusion**

> You now have an account on the Secret Network Holodeck testnet and your secret information stored in the `.env` file. You also made sure that your account balance is loaded with testnet uSCRT.

Author: Holodeck is the testnet and it's chain-id holodeck-2, while secret-2 is the mainnet chain-id

---
description: Learn how to create an account to start building on Secret Network
---

# Creating your Secret Network account with SecretJS

## Introduction

> In this tutorial, we will be creating your Secret Network account using SecretJS and [**DataHub**](https://figment.io/datahub-waitlist/). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we will be creating your Secret Network account using SecretJS and [**DataHub**](https://datahub.figment.io/login). 
```

```javascript
node create_account.js
```

If everything works, you should see your address and mnemonic in your console. Please make sure that you always backup your mnemonic as this is very sensitive data that allows you to restore your account.

{% hint style="info" %}
Never share your mnemonic with anyone. Never commit it to a repo. **Remember! You can share your account address, but never your mnemonic.**
{% endhint %}

In order to make sure our code doesn't leak sensitive data, we can use our `.env` file where we can store both our account address and our mnemonic. Open up `.env` and add to it below the following lines:

```javascript
...
ADDRESS='<YOUR ADDRESS>'
MNEMONIC='<YOUR MNEMONIC>'
```

Great! Now both `ADDRESS` and `MNEMONIC` will be available for use in our Nodejs scripts.

## **Getting testnet tokens**

Congratulations! You’ve just created your Secret Network account.
Notice in the logs that your account is still `undefined`, that's because locally we generated a wallet but it has no funds on the network, so it does not exist yet.

Now, go to the [faucet](https://faucet.secrettestnet.io/) to get some testnet tokens.

> Then you can go to this URL [https://explorer.secrettestnet.io/](https://explorer.secrettestnet.io/) to check your address with the search bar. Once you enter your address, you should see something similar to:  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then you can go to this URL [https://explorer.secrettestnet.io/](https://explorer.secrettestnet.io/) and enter your address into the search bar. Once you enter your address, you should see something similar to:  
```

> ## todo image

Reviewer: todo

Great work. You’ve earned it!

## **Conclusion**

You now have an account on the Secret Network Holodeck testnet and your secret information stored in the `.env` file. You also made sure that your account balance is loaded with testnet uSCRT.

The complete code for this tutorial can be found [**here**](https://github.com/figment-networks/tutorials/blob/main/secret/2_creating_account/create_account.js). 

## **Next steps**

> In the next tutorial, we will be looking at different queries we can run against a Secret Network node to get the information such as:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the next tutorial, we will be looking at different queries we can run against a Secret Network node to get information such as:
```

### **Prerequisites** 

Please make sure that you completed tutorial:

1. Connecting to a Secret Network node with DataHub

We will be building on top of the Nodejs application you created in this previous tutorial.

## **Creating Account**

Time to start building! We are finally ready to jump in and create our Secret Network account on the Holodeck testnet.

Create a file `create_account.js` with the snippet below:

```javascript
const {
  CosmWasmClient, Secp256k1Pen, pubkeyToAddress, encodeSecp256k1Pubkey
} = require("secretjs");

const { Bip39, Random } = require("@iov/crypto");

require('dotenv').config();

const main = async () => {
  const mnemonic = Bip39.encode(Random.getBytes(16)).toString();
  const signingPen = await Secp256k1Pen.fromMnemonic(mnemonic);
  const pubkey = encodeSecp256k1Pubkey(signingPen.pubkey);
  const accAddress = pubkeyToAddress(pubkey, 'secret');
  const client = new CosmWasmClient(process.env.SECRET_REST_URL);
  const account = await client.getAccount(accAddress);

  console.log('mnemonic: ', mnemonic);
  console.log('address: ', accAddress);

>   console.log('account: ', account);

Reviewer 2: I followed this tutorial and account is `undefined` for me here. Probably not a big problem since we need mnemonic and address more.
